Update GHCP AppMod docs: scenarios, platforms, and titles (#54664)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/github-copilot-app-modernization/overview.md

| **SqlClient upgrade** | Upgrades from System.Data.SqlClient to Microsoft.Data.SqlClient. | _"Update SqlClient"_ |
| **Azure Functions upgrade** | Upgrades Azure Functions from in-process to isolated worker model. | _"Upgrade my Azure Functions"_ |
| **Semantic Kernel to Agents** | Upgrades Semantic Kernel Agents to Microsoft Agent Framework. | _"Upgrade my SK agents"_ |

> | **Aspire integration** | Adds .NET Aspire support for inner-loop and Azure deployment. | _"Add Aspire to my app"_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Aspire integration** | Adds [Aspire](https://aspire.dev) support for inner-loop and Azure deployment. | _"Add Aspire to my app"_ |
```
